[Release] Version 1.0.0 (#1)
luizmendez/learning-react-with-dogs: Docs/components.md

## Components

### App

#### `<App />`

-   Main component of the app
-   Connects with redux store

> -   Get Redux's state and actions as props

Reviewer: Words ending with s, x or z don't get an 's, instead the apostrophe itself is added after the word.
```suggestion
-   Get Redux' state and actions as props
```

[Read more ](http://www.plainenglish.co.uk/using-apostrophes.html)about it.

-   Retrieves the dog list either from localStorage or an API request
-   Renders all the app content
-   Renders Router components
-   Renders MessageHandler component

### Router

#### `<Router />`

-   High Order Component that renders the appropriate component depending on the current location
-   Delegates what to show depending on the current location path
-   Gets the current location path and divides it into path parts

> -   Have three types of routing components:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Has three types of routing components:
```

>     -   `<Route />`: compares the current path with route path and render its children if there's a match

Reviewer: This line is confusing. It only makes sense if I know the component's API. What is a route path?
```suggestion
    -   `<Route />`: compares the current path with its path prop and renders if they match
```

    -   `<Redirect />`: compares the current path with the redirect prop and changes the location if there is a match
    -   `<Otherwise />`: redirects to the given path if the current location doesn't match any registered path
-   The values of Routes, Redirects and Otherwise are registered in the router internals
-   Reads params in the URI to render sub paths (dog/:dogbreed - dog/shiba)
-   Creates a listener on history.pushState to be able to manage routing without having to reload the page
-   Uses **React Context** to manage and share state

#### `<Route />`

-   Register a path on the router

> -   Compares the current path with the route path and if there's a match render the route children 

Reviewer: Same thing about the route path here.

#### `<Redirect />`

-   Register a redirect path on the router

> -   Compares current path with redirect route path and if there's a match history push to the redirection

Reviewer: Same.
